# PetGroomingBooker
The PetGroomingBooker is a short simple project that is meant to print a calendar and allow the user to select an available day and book it. However, its still in need of great progress.

Goals: I want this program to benefit both the shop and the client. Instead of having to call to book an appointment, the client can browse the available times at their own convenience. This rids the shop of having to waste their time constantly answering the phone just to end up doing something that could have been streamlined. This program needs to be straightforward in order to avoid complications from unnecessary features. As a result things may seem a bit under finished and clunky. What I mean by this, is that my program may be lacking in proper input validation and features that would otherwise be important to have in a program like this. A pet groomer requires information on the dog's vaccine record, skin allergies, weight, and breed in order to give an accurate price estimate. These are all things I can implement in the future, not to mention I can definitely make the calendar display a lot nicer. But because of my program's simplicity it makes the booking process shorter and easier which is ultimately a bonus. Overall I want the program to be basic while still being functional enough to fulfill its core purpose.

Functionality: The program will display a menu asking if the client would like to proceed or exit. If the client chooses to proceed, then the program will ask them to enter the month that they would like to book in. The program will then display the calendar with the available dates. The client will then enter their preferred day of the month, revealing the available times for that day. If the date and time suffice, the client will proceed with the booking. Subsequently, the client will be prompted to enter their name and contact info, as well as the type of pet (cat or dog), name of their pet, and which grooming service they would like. Once all of these fields have been entered, the appointment will be set and the program will display a confirmation message showing the date and the service being provided. 
